And then people are my name, I'm from
porto alegre and I 'm here to give you a
quick statement on the system of
burn of 48 hours from the start of the second
I met Vinícius's website and after
follow his first directions
I started doing the exercise series
high intensity short period of
time that the 48-hour system in the
indicates for us to have a loss
fat in a short time so I
knew since those eight weeks
experiments that vinícius is talking to
we should check what would be
the first results, right?
so even vinícius guiding us
three times a week is the
48-hour firing exercises that
would total from 30 to 45 minutes per
week of exercise not per day per
week
how I wanted quick results
apparent and I decided to
intensified in my training that I did
I started to do the exercises.
daily then every day of
Monday to Monday of the last eight
I made a series of
four minutes advanced intermediate
open to youtube and it was late in the afternoon
11 minutes for beginners who
alternating exercises but giving a
tired cool then in the end these
two months that happened I lost six
pounds of pure fat as I had come
since the beginning of the year making 60
minutes to invite every day but
gym plus diet I also saw
losing a little weight also had
sent by vinícius a neighbor of
some exercises I had done
So I'll leave the link here in this
I cant go here for you, just click there.
that you will be able to visualize a little
of my daily workouts that I came
doing in the last eight weeks has been
which gave me this end result of
Great year that left very satisfied
with the burning system of 48 to mans
without realizing the race with just ends
losing enough lean mass too
then the 48-hour firing system
he's good because you just lose
fat and best of all
in a short space of time what five ten
minutes on each day
need not stay 60 minutes on top of the
treadmill with only five
little
I managed to lose a lot of fat in the
my body this became apparent
after these two months of training
intensity of the 48-hour system
I do not intend to stop the contrary I
being able to replace at that time
too much that lay on the treadmill for
series of 4 5 10 12 exercises
minutes and that they will do the
body is burning the fat for
up to 48 hours
so I wanted to say this took a
vote of confidence conveniences
He studied for this, he knows what he
has made it set up this system
really works and I'm sure
who gave a vote of confidence to him
will surprise a lot at the end of these
two months will be added to the
burning 48 hours a diet is legal
I'm sure you're going to
surprising with the results then it was
Thank you, beginning and until the next